[Music]
you know there may be 50 ways to leave
your lover like Paul Simon sings but
right now we're going to give you five
ways to find a lost iPhone which may be
more useful you can probably get a bit
panicky if you lose your iPhone or
believe it has been stolen your contacts
phone numbers photos songs in short a
huge part of your life simply disappears
let alone the price you've paid for the
device itself however there are several
ways that can help you to return your
missing gadget so listen up
number one Find My iPhone well that's
the point isn't it now this is a this is
an AB the first option you should
probably try is Find My iPhone this is
an Apple official application that
allows you to use iCloud service to
determine the location of your lost or
stolen phone not to regret your
carelessness in case of emergency set
Find My iPhone on your gadget to switch
on this option you are supposed to have
an iCloud account if you have this
settled tap Settings on your smartphone
then choose iCloud and tap Find My
iPhone after you have located this
option simply move the slider to on or
if you have iOS 7 and higher to green
this option will allow you to use the
app in case your phone goes missing
you'll be able to figure out your
phone's location set a different
passcode lock it remotely and even
delete all the data you have in its
memory that's what you need to do if you
have found out that you don't have your
beloved gadget at hand open Find My
Phone on any other device you can either
start this application or open iCloud in
a browser sign in using your Apple ID
meaning that you should enter the
password you use on your phone if the
device you're using doesn't belong to
you you may need to sign out first and
only after that enter your data
your iphone is to appear in the list of
devices which is reflected below the map
as for the location of your gadget it
will be shown on this map however if
your phone's battery is dead
or someone has turned it off the
application will inform you about the
last known place where your phone was
used at the bottom of the screen you'll
see a button that says actions after
clicking on it you'll have a choice
playsound lost mode and erase iPhone
alternatively a panel with these options
may just appear after you choose your
iPhone from the list if you press play
sound and your iPhone is somewhere
nearby it will start to make some noise
which you won't miss pick lost mode if
you believe that you've lost your phone
in a place where it can be picked up by
someone else or if you have a suspicion
that it has been stolen enter the code
that unlocks your iPhone write a contact
phone number and a message that will
appear on the screen of your lost iPhone
this way if a nice person finds your
smartphone they will be able to contact
you if your iPhone turns out to be
online your actions will instantly lock
it and no one will be able to reset it
unless they know your lock code at the
same time you will be able to see the
phone's location and whether it has been
transported to another place in case
your phone is offline if someone tries
to power it up it will immediately lock
and you'll get an email which will help
you track your gadgets location when you
get your phone back you'll be able to
unlock it simply by using your own lock
code if you have some secret information
on your iPhone and you're terrified that
it will get into the wrong hands
use a race iphone option this way you'll
delete all information from the gadget
number two Apple watch if you're a happy
owner of an Apple watch you can always
use it when you need to locate your
iPhone don't forget that to succeed in
this task you'll need to synchronize
your iPhone with your Apple watch you
can use Bluetooth or connect the devices
to the same Wi-Fi network bring up the
Apple watch's control center to do this
simply swipe up from the bottom of the
watch below the silent mode airplane
mode and do not disturb buttons you will
see an icon that looks like a little
phone surrounded by sound waves
that's the ping button tap on this
button and even if silent mode is on
your iPhone will make a sound that will
help you to understand where it is
number 3
Google time line you can also look for
your lost iPhone with the help of Google
timeline website here's the URL
unfortunately you can use this option
only if you have enabled location
reporting and history on your iPhone
after you open Google timeline website
you'll see a button today at the top of
the screen the left side bar will show
you the most recent timeline of your
iPhone check the last reported location
it will be at the bottom of the timeline
observe the location data on the
timeline to see if your iPhone is moving
or staying still this way you'll
determine if it's just lost or forgotten
in your pocket or stolen and is being
moved away number 4 GPS tracking
applications start a browser and go to
the official side of the tracking
application that you have installed on
your iPhone obviously this method to
locate your phone will only work if you
have downloaded such an application on
your gadget beforehand nowadays there
are several applications of the kind
here are some of them device locator
this application doesn't demand a
monthly subscription it simply lets you
sign in to a web-based account where you
can see the location of your iPhone lock
it or cause the device to make a noise
phone home using phone home application
you can receive information about the
GPS based location of your lost or
stolen iPhone what's more this app
allows you to take photos remotely
that's why if you're lucky enough you
may even take a picture of the thief
gadgettrak this is both web-based
service and an application which can
send the information about your iPhone's
location to its servers having this data
you can find your gadget using its IP
address map GPS and so on this
application also provides an option of
remote photography so if your iPhone has
been stolen
you may see who has done this mobile spy
the service is based on subscription and
is used to locate lost or stolen
smartphones it includes a web-based
personal account using which you can
find your phone C contacts that have
been added track incoming calls texts
and emails to use any of these
applications sign into your web-based
account using login and password that
you choose when you first install this
app on your phone after that you'll be
given some instructions that will appear
on the screen of the device you're using
most likely you'll receive information
about the activity of your phone its
previous locations the most recent phone
calls and texts and other details you
can also contact the developer of the
tracking application and ask for their
assistance in locating your iPhone the
thing is that such GPS tracking
applications can be supported solely by
their creators not by Apple
number-5 call your phone if you can't
find your iPhone you can use any other
phone to reach yours if you're lucky and
it's just lying somewhere in your
apartment
you'll hear it ring unless it has silent
mode on if you can't find another phone
to make a call open I can't find my
phone calm website yes there is one
there you will need to enter your phone
number and the site will call your phone
instead of you
so which methods do you use to make sure
your iPhone will stay safe even if you
lose it tell us in the comments below
don't forget to press the like button if
the information in this video has been
useful for you and remember to subscribe
to our Channel that's how you'll always
stay on the bright side of life